@c -*-texinfo-*-
@ifclear ANNOUNCE-ONLY
@chapter NEWS
@end ifclear

@ifset TEXT-ONLY
@include version.texi
@end ifset


@section Noteworthy changes in version @samp{0.9.3}

@itemize @bullet
@item A number of W32 window event enhancements
@item art backend glyph drawing with alpha enhancements.
@item libwraster is no longer checked for - image functions now in frontend
@end itemize

@c ====================================================================
@c Keep the next line just below the list of changes in most recent version.
@ifclear ANNOUNCE-ONLY

@section Noteworthy changes in version @samp{0.9.2}

@itemize @bullet
@item Art backend added support for grayscale, one-isblack colorspaces.
@item Windows pasteboard interaction handling added.
@item Better focus handling on Windows.
@item Better font and draw handling on Windows.
@end itemize

@section Noteworthy changes in version @samp{0.9.1}

Color on 8 bit displays works correctly now. WindowMaker properties are
always set now in case another manager is emulating WindowMaker styles.

@section Noteworthy changes in version @samp{0.9.0}

Some more improvements to copy/paste support following ICCCM specifications
(like COMPOUND_TEXT support).

@section Noteworthy changes in version @samp{0.8.9}

@itemize @bullet
@item Much improved pasting support between X apps and GNUstep apps.
@item Backend headers are no longer installed (now private).
@end itemize

@section Noteworthy changes in version @samp{0.8.8}

Full multi-byte/unicode support for East Asian languages was added to
the xlib backend. The X11 server now supports use of the XIM input
method for entering non-keyboard characters. Both contributions thanks
to Kazunobu Kuriyama.

@itemize @bullet
@item Also added slightly better EWMH support. 
@item Art backend works with more versions of freetype.
@end itemize

@section Noteworthy changes in version @samp{0.8.7}

Handle NSBezierPath glyph drawing in art backend. art backend compiles
with all freetype except 2.1.3 via ifdefs.

@section Noteworthy changes in version @samp{0.8.6}

Bug fixes. See the gnustep-gui NEWS for changes.

@section Noteworthy changes in version @samp{0.8.5}

Text system improvements. See the gnustep-gui NEWS for changes.

@section Noteworthy changes in version @samp{0.8.3}

See the gnustep-gui NEWS for changes.

@section Noteworthy changes in version @samp{0.8.2}

Improved font handling in art backend. Improved compositing  with
transformations and clipping in art backend.

@section Noteworthy changes in version @samp{0.8.1}

art (libart-based) backend added. Use ./configure --enable-graphics=art
to choose this backend.

@section Noteworthy changes in version @samp{0.8.0}

Bug fixes.

@section Noteworthy changes in version @samp{0.7.9}

Bug fixes.

@section Noteworthy changes in version @samp{0.7.8}

Simplified backend selection using --enable-server and
--enable-graphics. Add --with-library-flags and --with-include-flags
for adding additonal flags. Set name with --with-name

@section Noteworthy changes in version @samp{0.7.7}

First release. Most components extracted from xgps. The old backends,
xgps and xdps were depreciated in favor of this new backend, simply named
back, which can be configured for a variety of window server and
graphics implementations, and also allow for improved code sharing.

In addition there is now a window server backend for Windows computers, 
although it is in a very alpha state.

@end ifclear
